feat: cluster list fetchers and cluster resource fetcher (#15)
ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum: arboretum/ibm_cloud/README.md

## Fetchers

### Cluster List

* Class: [ClusterListFetcher][fetch-cluster-list]

> * Purpose: Write the list of IBM Cloud clusters to the evidence locker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Purpose: Writes a list of IBM Cloud clusters for the specified IBM Cloud accounts to the evidence locker.
```

> * Behavior: Log in to IBM Cloud and save the list of clusters bound with specified account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Behavior: For each IBM Cloud account specified, write the IBM Cloud cluster list to the evidence locker as a single evidence file.  TTL is set to 1 day.
```

- What's the reasoning behind storing all the evidence in one file rather than one file per account?

> * Behavior: Log in to IBM Cloud using `ibmcloud login` command, and save the result of `ibmcloud cs cluster ls` command.

Reviewer: This really isn't the behavior content we're looking for.  You shouldn't explicitly state the command that's getting executed because we'll have update this README anytime any sort of change to the command happens.  We may also in the future move away from the command and towards using the API if/when it stabilizes but the behavior of the fetcher would remain the same.  I think something that communicates the behavior in a more broad (generic) way would be better.

Author: I've changed the description into more abstract expression.
https://github.com/ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum/commit/89f20fdadcd3382457262f8d93911bcd5bcbd01c#diff-fa9c900ac18eaea9441dab042c0ad0c9

> Behavior: Log in to IBM Cloud and save the list of clusters bound with specified account.

* Expected configuration elements:
  * org.ibm_cloud.cluster_list.config
    * List of objects representing the IKS accounts
    * Each object must have the following values
      * `account` - a list containing names identifying the IKS account, this will map to an IAM token provided in the credentials file

> * Expected configuration example:

Reviewer: We changed the format a little to the READMEs.  ref: https://github.com/ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum/blob/main/arboretum/auditree/README.md.  Update `Expected configuration elements` and `Expected configuration example` and anything else that seems different.

Author: applied changes to both [arboretum/ibm_cloud/README.md](https://github.com/ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum/pull/15/files#diff-fa9c900ac18eaea9441dab042c0ad0c9)  and [arboretum/kubernetes/README.md](https://github.com/ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum/pull/15/files#diff-f47957446fca3e1172a44cd6eda6abcc)

* Example configuration:

  ```json
  {
    "org": {
      "ibm_cloud": {
        "cluster_list": {
          "config": {
              "account": ["myaccount1"]
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }

>   ```

Reviewer: I think that if we go this route, we may wind up getting repetitive with the IBM Cloud account configurations.  Instead we should just do `org.ibm_cloud.accounts` this way any new fetchers needing the IBM Cloud account config can reuse this.  

Suggest:

* Configuration elements:
   * `org.ibm_cloud.accounts`
     * Required
     * List of accounts (string) 
     * Each account is an arbitrary name describing the IBM Cloud account.  It is used to match to the token 
     provided in the credentials file in order for the fetcher to retrieve content from IBM Cloud for that account.
* Example (required) configuration:

   ```json
   {
     "org": {
       "ibm_cloud": {
         "accounts": ["acct_a", "acct_b"]
       }
     }
   }
   ```

> * <a name="expected_credentials"></a>Expected credentials:

Reviewer: Same as above, I think we're using "Required credentials:" now and I don't think this needs to be an anchor (yet).

Author: removed anchor.

* Required credentials:
  * `ibm_cloud` credentials with read/view permissions are needed for this fetcher to successfully retrieve the evidence.
    * `XXX_api_key`: API key string for account `XXX`.
    * Example credential file entry:

      ```ini
      [ibm_cloud]
      acct_a_api_key=your-ibm-cloud-api-key-for-acct-a
      acct_b_api_key=your-ibm-cloud-api-key-for-acct-b
      ```

>     * NOTE 1: This fetcher requires [IBM Cloud CLI][ibm-cloud-cli] is installed. Its Kubernetes plugin will be automatically installed when the plugin is not installed.

Reviewer: Change to:
    
* NOTE (1): In order to function properly this fetcher requires that the [IBM Cloud CLI][ibm-cloud-cli] and the 
    Kubernetes service plugin be installed.  Ensure that something similar to the following is part of your CI/CD execution script:

   ```sh
   echo "Installing IBM Cloud developer tool..."
   curl -sL http://ibm.biz/idt-installer | bash
   echo "Installing the IBM Cloud Kubernetes plugin..."
   ibmcloud plugin install kubernetes-service
   ```

>     * NOTE 2: [API Keys can be generated using the ibmcloud CLI][ic-api-key-create]. E.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * NOTE (2): [API keys can be generated][ic-api-key-create] using the IBM Cloud CLI. Perform something similar to:
```

>   * NOTE: [API Keys can be generated using the ibmcloud CLI][ic-api-key-create]. E.g.

Reviewer: I think we also need to add a note that stipulates that this fetcher expects that the ibmcloud CLI is installed in order to function.  You'll need to provide a link to ibmcloud docs that describe installing the CLI.  Maybe also mention that in order for this to work when running in CI/CD that consumers of this fetcher will have to ensure that the CLI is installed in the CI/CD execution environment.

Reviewer: Judging by the code, you should also ensure that the Kubernetes service plugin is also installed.  You should make a note of that in the README as well.

Author: I mentioned the prerequisites as notes in the [README](https://github.com/ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum/pull/15/files#diff-fa9c900ac18eaea9441dab042c0ad0c9).
Is there better position to describe such a prerequisites?
